<div class="row-fluid">
    <div class="span12">
		<h3>What is this application?</h3>
		<p>We have collected a set of photos that came out of the 2013 monsoon flooding of the Yamuna River in New Delhi</p>
        <p>
        With this application we hope to extract from these photos data on the 2013 flooding event that could have been helpful for the response and recovery effort</p>
		<p>The general aim is to get an overview of what is happening in the area affected by the flooding, so photos of the area that don't show flooding are not necessarily not useful: <strong>no data is often also very useful information</strong></p>
		<p>We want to answer questions like: <ul><li>Where was the water?</li><li>Where was there not water</li><li>Did the flood waters damage homes and infrastructure?</li><li>Who is in the affected area and how were they affected?</li></ul></p>
		<h3>How does it work?</h3>
		<p>You will be presented with a photo taken during the monsoon flooding of 2013 and asked a series of questions about what you can see in the photo</p>
		<p>Answer the questions as best you can, we highly recommend <strong><a href="http://geotagx.org/app/yamuna_waters_tutorial/newtask"></strong>taking the tutorial</a> before starting so you know what to look for</p>
		<p>If you need some pointers, you can click on the <strong>"Get some help"</strong> for each question </p>
		<p><strong>Don't worry if you are not sure about your answer</strong>, each photo is presented to at least 30 people and the final answers are taken from the majority response.	So there is no problem if you get a couple wrong.</p>
		<p><strong>Sometimes it will be difficult to see what is in the photo</strong> - if you are not sure, don't be afraid to select "I don't know", this is also an answer!</p>
		<p><strong>Don't worry either if you find you have a lot of photos that are not relevant</strong>, sometimes you might go through several photos in a row that have no water before finding one you can analyse. Photos have been collected for not only this application but also others covering topics like agriculture, shelter, accessibility etc. While a photo may not be relevant for this application it will probably be relevant for another one. It is also still useful to know where there was not water, or where people are not affected by the flooding</p>
		<p>If you want more information on some of the problems faced by communities living along the banks of the Yamuna see <a href="http://yamuna.womenforsustainablecities.org">Yamuna's Daughters: Women for Sustainable Cities</a>
        </p>
    </div>
<div id="tutorial_div"><a href="/app/yamuna_waters_tutorial/newtask" class="btn btn-success pull-right"> Take the Tutorial!</a></div>
    <div class="span12">
		<h3>What are we doing with the results?</h3>
		<p>The applications of the Yamuna 2013 Monsoon Flooding are the first pilot project of Geotag-X</p>
        <p>
        Results generated by your contributions to this application will help us improve the Yamuna applications for deployment during future monsoon seasons.</p>
		<p>More generally we will also use these results to determine how these types of applications could be best used in a disaster situation. Ideally the results from these applications would be used to complement other sources of data informing the response and recovery effort such as satellite imagery analysis and field assessments,.</p>
        </p>
		<p>Application co-developed with Syvlia Nagl of <a href="http://yamuna.womenforsustainablecities.org/">Yamuna's Daughters</a>, Keren Limor-Waisberg, PhD, and <a href="http://tecfa.unige.ch/perso/rosita/-">Rosita Haddad-Zubel</a> </p>
        <p>
        <span class="label label-info">Note</span>Application icon courtesy of <a href="http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/photo/2013-06/20/c_132470396.htm">news.xinhuanet.com</a></p>
    </div>
</div>
<script type="text/javascript">
    $("[rel=tooltip]").tooltip();
</script>
